TFE Pre-Install Checklist: Document S3 API permissions (#1512)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/source/docs/enterprise/before-installing/index.html.md

The instance profile of Terraform Enterprise's instance is the operator's responsibility. If you plan to specify any non-default permissions for Terraform Enterprise's instance profile, be aware that Terraform runs might use those permissions and plan accordingly.

> #### AWS S3 IAM Profile

Reviewer: This isn't an IAM profile but rather a policy.

```suggestion
#### S3 IAM Policy
```

> Terraform Enterprise's usage of S3 requires these permissions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At a minimum, Terraform Enterprise requires the following S3 permissions:
```

The instance profile of Terraform Enterprise's instance is the operator's responsibility. If you plan to specify any non-default permissions for Terraform Enterprise's instance profile, be aware that Terraform runs might use those permissions and plan accordingly.

> #### S3 IAM Policy

Reviewer: Nitpick. Since we now have two sections at this level it is worth keeping them uniform.

```suggestion
#### S3 Policy
```
